{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue179;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This python code aims at analyzing this output of several word segmentation algorithms in a specified corpus. \
For the study, the corpus has been divided in 10 creating \'ab\'a0sub corpus\'a0\'bb or \'ab\'a0sub\'a0\'bb in order to look at the robustness of the algorithm\'92 segmentation. \
\
The idea is : \
1. to look at the multiple possible intersection between different word segmentation output. \
2. compare the output to the word understood (and in a second step produced) by children (that are listed in CDI). \
\
We used\
- algos : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}dibs ( diphone based segmentation algorithm) : \cf2 Robert Daland and Janet B Pierrehumbert. \cf0 Learning diphone-based segmentation.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}TPs (transitional probabilities): \cf2 Amanda Saksida, Alan Langus, and Marina Nespor. \cf0 Co-occurrence statistics as a language-dependent cue for speech segmentation.)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}AGu (adaptor grammar) : Johnson et al., 2014)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}puddle : \cf2 Padraic Monaghan and Morten H. Christiansen.\cf0 Words in puddles of sound: modelling psycholinguistic effec tsin speech segmentation.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -  Brent corpus of child directed speech \
-  the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordbank.stanford.edu/"}}{\fldrslt http://wordbank.stanford.edu/}} database\
\
Python code is divided by function purpose : \
\
- read.py takes text files input such as \'ab\'a0freq-top.txt\'a0\'bb (results of segmentation) or read data frames (such as the CDI data frames and transforms it into respectively in list or data frame\
\
- divide.py divides the corpus in ten sub corpus (euclidian division). Input : text files. Output : create in the same directory ten folder containing a folder with the name of algo with text files\
\
- translate.py translates phonological form to orthographic ones by creating a dictionary . \
\
- analyze.py different function to analyse the results of algo\
\
- visualize.py plot CDI score versus Algos score for different ages and compare to the gold. Histogram and fitted regression is also plotted.\
\
- brent_cds.py compile the different functions of the other python files to the purpose : the analyze of the CDS brent corpus\
\
}